# Payment without Middleman Handling

Cryptocurrency transactions are already peer-2-peer under blockchain technology, so there is essentially no need for intermediaries. However, in online payment, if the transaction is simply deposited with amount according to the order without reference to the order, the merchant's system is unable to know who paid the order, so it can be processed automatically. There are several ways to identify this on the blockchain:

## Method 1: Use the transaction's extra data

When sending transactions, they should be accompanied by 1 extra data. In extra data there is a reference to the order number, so that the gateway can determine which order is paid by whom. This solution has the highest accuracy,but in practice it is the most difficult to apply because not all crypto wallet platforms support it. ezDeFi supports this approach.

## Method 2: Merchant creates many different addresses

Each address will receive transactions in a certain time. This method has a huge disadvantage that it is required to transfer transactions from many wallets to the main wallet of the merchant, costing more transaction fees. In addition, for tokens like erc20 on ethereum, these wallets are required to have ethereum available as gas fees in the process of consolidating transactions into one wallet, so it takes more transactions to transfer ETH to these sub wallet addresses. This is even more costly. ezDeFi does not use this method.

## Method 3: This is the way researched and created by EzDeFi

Payments in cryptocurrency often have an odd decimal, so the user usually doesn't care much about paying a amount with the decimal value after. The EzDeFi gateway will rely on the value of the invoice, then add it from the smallest decimal part to create the unique amount id but not too much difference from the cost to pay. In this way, the system can support all different types of wallets to make payments, and users can pay to only 1 merchant's wallet. This is a cost-effective method and a simple method to maintain a payment without middlemen of blockchain.
